<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"[
    <!ENTITY % brandDTD SYSTEM "chrome://xpcomviewer/locale/brand.dtd" >
    %brandDTD;
]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>About XPCOM</title>
  <!-- for simplicity I used style for html files in Firefox help -->
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"
        href="chrome://help/skin/helpFileLayout.css"/>
</head>
<body>

<div class="contentsBox" style="float:right;">Contents:
 <ul>
   <li><a href="#_introduction">Introduction</a></li>
   <li><a href="#_classes">Components.classes</a></li>
   <li><a href="#_classesByID">Components.classesByID</a></li>
   <li><a href="#_interfaces">Components.interfaces</a></li>
   <li><a href="#_interfacesByID">Components.interfacesByID</a></li>
   <li><a href="#_lastResult">Components.lastResult</a></li>
   <li><a href="#_manager">Components.manager</a></li>
   <li><a href="#_results">Components.results</a></li>
   <li><a href="#_returnCode">Components.returnCode</a></li>
   <li><a href="#_stack">Components.stack</a></li>
   <li><a href="#_isSuccessCode">Components.isSuccessCode(code)</a></li>
   <li><a href="#_Constructor">Components.Constructor</a></li>
   <li><a href="#_Exception">Components.Exception</a></li>
   <li><a href="#_ID">Components.ID</a></li>
 </ul>
</div>

<h1>XPConnect 'Components' Object Reference<!--1-->

</h1><h2 id="_introduction">Introduction</h2>

<p>The Components Object is the object through which <a href="http://www.mozilla.org/scriptable/">XPConnect</a> functionality is reflected into JavaScript.

The Components Object is actually a native instance of the <a href="http://lxr.mozilla.org/seamonkey/source/js/src/xpconnect/idl/xpccomponents.idl">nsIXPCComponents</a>
interface which is reflected into JavaScript as a top level object using XPConnect.

</p><p>
The Components Object has the following members:

</p><p>
<table border="1" cellpadding="1" cellspacing="0">


<tbody><tr><td><a href="#_classes">classes</a></td>            <td>array of classes by ContractID</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="#_classesByID">classesByID</a></td>    <td>array of classes by CLSID</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="#_interfaces">interfaces</a></td>      <td>array of interfaces by interface name</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="#_interfacesByID">interfacesbyID</a></td><td>array of interfaces by IID</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="#_lastResult">lastResult</a></td>      <td>result code of most recent xpconnect call</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="#_manager">manager</a></td>            <td>the global xpcom component manager</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="#_results">results</a></td>            <td>array of known result codes by name</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="#_returnCode">returnCode</a></td>      <td>pending result for current call</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="#_stack">stack</a></td>                <td>current JavaScript call stack</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="#_isSuccessCode">isSuccessCode</a></td><td>function to determine if a given result code is a success code</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="#_Constructor">Constructor</a></td>    <td>constructor for constructor of components</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="#_Exception">Exception</a></td>        <td>constructor for xpconnect exceptions</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="#_ID">ID</a></td>                      <td>constructor for xpcom nsIDs</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


</p><h2><a id="_classes" name="_classes"></a>
Components.classes - <small>array of classes by ProgID</small>
</h2>

<p>Components.classes is a read only array of objects which implement the <a href="http://lxr.mozilla.org/seamonkey/source/js/src/xpconnect/idl/xpcjsid.idl">nsIJSCID</a>
interface. Each object represents one of the classes of xpcom components that
can be constructed or accessed as an xpcom service.

</p><p>The elements in this array are indexed by the 'ContractID' (or human readable
name) of the component class.

</p><pre>   Components.classes['@mozilla.org/preferences;1'];
   Components.classes['@mozilla.org/messenger;1'];
</pre>

<p>All of the properties and methods of nsIJSCID and its ancestor interface nsIJSID
are available for use. The most interesting and useful methods are those that
facilitate the creation of new xpcom component instances and access to existing
instances as services

</p><pre>   var clazz = Components.classes['@mozilla.org/preferences;1'];
   var obj = clazz.getService();
   // or...
   var clazz = Components.classes['@mozilla.org/messenger;1'];
   var obj = clazz.createInstance();
</pre>

In today's XPConnect these getService and createInstance calls will return
XPConnect 'wrappers' for these native objects which only expose the methods of
the nsISupports interface. This is because the specific interface on the
component that the caller desires has not been specified. Specifying that
interface is done using the elements of the <a href="#_interfaces">Components.interfaces</a> array.

<pre>   var clazz = Components.classes['@mozilla.org/preferences;1']
   var iface = Components.interfaces.nsIPref;

   var obj = clazz.getService();
   var srv = obj.QueryInterface(iface);

   // or this can be done in one step...
   var srv = clazz.getService(iface);
</pre>

The same rules apply to 'createInstance'...

<pre>   var clazz = Components.classes['@mozilla.org/supports-array;1'];
   var iface = Components.interfaces.nsISupportsArray;

   var obj = clazz.createInstance();
   var inst = obj.QueryInterface(iface);

   // or this can be done in one step...
   var inst = clazz.createInstance(iface);

   // createInstance can be implicitly called using 'new'...
   var inst = new clazz(iface);
</pre>

Components.classes reflects only those component classes that have been
previously installed and registered with the component manager using ProgIDs.
So, it is possible that a given addon component with a given ProgID will be
present on one machine but not have been installed on another machine.

<p>
If the given element in the Components.classes array is not registered on the
machine then trying to access it will generate a JavaScript warning
in strict mode and the value returned will be the JavaScript value
<i>undefined</i>. You should use the 'in' operator to test for the element...
</p><pre>   if(!('@some/bogus/class;1' in Components.classes))
      // do something...
</pre>

The elements of the Components.classes array can be enumerated using a for-in loop.

<h2>
<a name="_classesByID"></a>
Components.classesByID - <small>array of classes by CLSID</small>
</h2>

Components.classesByID is exactly like
<a href="#_classes">Components.classes</a> except that the elements are indexed
by the 'canonical' form of their CLSID.
<pre>   var clazz = Components.classesByID['{ed132c20-eed1-11d2-baa4-00805f8a5dd7}'];
</pre>

<p>Components.classesByID represents the component classes that have been
registered with the component manager using a ProgID <b>and</b> those registered
using a plain CLSID.

</p><h2>
<a name="_interfaces"></a>
Components.interfaces - <small>array of interfaces by classname</small>
</h2>

<p>Components.interfaces is a read only array of objects which implement the <a href="http://lxr.mozilla.org/seamonkey/source/js/src/xpconnect/idl/xpcjsid.idl">nsIJSIID</a>
interface. Each object represents one of the xpcom interfaces - that some
component or another might implement. It reflects only those interfaces which
have been designated in their .idl declaration as '[scriptable]'. i.e. the
interfaces which XPConnect is capable of reflecting into JavaScript.

</p><p>Elements in the Components.interfaces array are indexed by interface name...
</p><pre>   var iface = Components.interfaces.nsISupportsArray;
</pre>

<p>
Elements in the Components.interfaces array are used where xpcom methods expect
a parameter of type <i>nsID</i>. This includes nsISupports::QueryInterface, and
the optional parameter accepted by nsICID::getService and nsICID::createInstance
when called from JavaScript.

</p><p>
Interface constants are reflected into the elements in the
Components.interfaces array. e.g...

</p><pre>    // idl for an interface that has a constant...
    interface nsIFoo : nsISupports {
      const PRUint32 MYFLAG = 5;
    };

   // the constant can be accessed from JavaScript as...
   var foo = Components.interfaces.nsIFoo.MYFLAG;
</pre>

<p>
The elements of the Components.interfaces array can be enumerated using a for-in loop.


</p><h2>
<a name="_interfacesByID"></a>
Components.interfacesByID - <small>array of interfaces by IID</small>
</h2>

<p>Components.interfacesByID is exactly like
<a href="#_interfaces">Components.interfaces</a> except that the elements are indexed
by the 'canonical' form of their IID.
</p><pre>   var clazz = Components.interfacesByID['{aa610f20-a889-11d3-8c81-000064657374}'];
</pre>


<h2>
<a name="_lastResult"></a>
Components.lastResult - <small>result code of most recent xpconnect call</small>
</h2>

<p>
Components.lastResult returns the numeric nsresult code that was the result code
of the last xpcom method called via xpconnect. Generally, this is only useful
for testing the result of xpcom methods that can return interesting 'success'
codes. This is because failure result codes get converted by xpconnect into
exceptions that are thrown into the calling JS method. Most interfaces only
return one success code - NS_OK - so Components.lastResult is rarely necessary.

</p><p>
In cases where Components.lastResult <i>is</i> used, it is best to get it right
away after the target call is made and save it in a local variable to test its
value rather than doing multiple tests against Components.lastResult. This is
because many 'Components' properties and methods are themselves implemented using
xpconnect and subsequent calls to Components.lastResult might reflect the result
of 'implicit' xpconnect calls rather than the result of the target call.

</p><pre>   // given that foo.bar is a method that might return
   // the success codes NS_OK, '5', and '6' OR some error code...
   try {
      i = foo.bar()
      switch(Components.lastResult) {
        case Components.results.NS_OK:
          // NS_OK is good!
          break;
        case 5:
          // do something with 5 here
          break;
        case 6:
          // do something with 6 here
          break;
        default:
          // this was a success code we did not expect. Bad component!
          break;
      }
      // and so on....

   } catch(e) {
      // the call threw an exception or a native component returned
      // a failure code!
      if(e instanceof Components.interfaces.nsIXPCException) {
        // we might do something interesting here with the exception object
        var rv = e.result;
      } else {
         // if we don't know how to handle it then rethrow
         throw e;
      }
   }
</pre>


<h2>
<a name="_manager"></a>
Components.manager - the global xpcom component manager
</h2>

<p>Components.manager is a convenience reflection of the global native component
manager service. The scriptable methods on the
<a href="http://lxr.mozilla.org/seamonkey/source/xpcom/components/nsIComponentManager.idl">nsIComponentManager</a>
interface can be called directly on this object.

</p><h2>
<a name="_results"></a>
Components.results - <small>array of known result codes by name</small>
</h2>

<p>Components.results is an array of name value pairs that represent some well
known nsresult codes. Elements in this array can be used to test against unknown
nsresult variables or they can be 'thrown' to indicate failure...

</p><pre>   if(something_unexpected_happened)
      throw Components.results.NS_ERROR_UNEXPECTED;
</pre>

<p>Currently only the 'global' codes declared in
<a href="http://lxr.mozilla.org/seamonkey/source/xpcom/base/nsError.h">nsError.h</a>
and the xpconnect specific codes declared in
<a href="http://lxr.mozilla.org/seamonkey/source/js/src/xpconnect/public/nsIXPConnect.h">nsIXPConnect.h</a>
are included.

</p><p>
At some future point we would like to have a mechanism for automatically
including error codes declared in all modules.

</p><p>
The elements of the Components.results array can be enumerated using a for-in loop.


</p><h2>
<a name="_returnCode"></a>
Components.returnCode - <small>pending result for current call</small>
</h2>

<p>Components.returnCode is a property that can be used to indicate to an xpcom
caller of the JS method that the method is returning a specific nsresult code.
Generally, xpconnect does a fine job of making it unnecessary for JavaScript code
to worry about nsresult codes. By default the successful completion of the JS
method will cause xpconnect to return a result code of 'NS_OK' to the caller. If
the JS code needs to signal failure then that is done by throwing an exception.
However, there are a very few xpcom interfaces that specify success code return
values. Components.returnCode exists in order to make it possible to implement
these rare interfaces in JavaScript.

</p><pre>   var foo = {
      bar : function(i) {
         if(yada_yada)
            Components.returnCode = 5;
         return i * 2;
      }
   };
</pre>


<h2>
<a name="_stack"></a>
Components.stack - <small>current JavaScript call stack</small>
</h2>

<p>
Components.stack is a readonly property of type
<a href="http://lxr.mozilla.org/mozilla/source/xpcom/base/nsIException.idl#50">nsIStackFrame</a>
that represents a snapshot of the current JavaScript callstack. This can be used
for various diagnostic purposes.


</p><h2>
<a name="_isSuccessCode"></a>
Components.isSuccessCode(code) - <small>function to determine if a given result code is a success code</small>
</h2>

<p>Components.isSuccessCode is a function that is used to determine if a result code is
a success or failure code. In general, calls to native xpcom objects that
fail will cause exceptions to be thrown in JavaScript. However, some xpcom
functions can be written to explicitly return nsresult codes to JavaScript
callers. Components.isSuccessCode allows a caller to such a function to detect
if the result code represents success or failure.


</p><h2>
<a name="_Constructor"></a>
Components.Constructor - <small>constructor for constructor of components</small>
</h2>

<p>
Components.Constructor is a JavaScript constructor object that is used to create
new instances of customized JavaScript constructor objects which can then be
used to construct xpcom component instances.

</p><p>
The call signature of the constuctor is:
</p><p>
<tt><i>Components.Constructor(progid, iface, function)</i> // <i>iface</i> and <i>function</i> are optional</tt>
</p><blockquote>
<i>progid</i> - progid string of component to create<br/>
<i>iface</i> - interface name string for desired interface on new component (optional)<br/>
<i>function</i> - init function to call after creation (optional)<br/>
</blockquote>

Usage:

<blockquote>

[Assuming that there is a registered factory for an xpcom component
with the contractID "mymod.mycomp.1" that implements the scriptable interface "nsIFoo"...]
<p>
</p><pre>    // create the constructor
    var Foo = new Components.Constructor("mymod.mycomp.1", "nsIFoo");

    // use the constructor to create xpcom component instances
    var foo1 = new Foo();
    var foo2 = new Foo();
</pre>

The line above that creates the constructor is equivelent to:
<pre>    var Foo = function(progid, iface) {
        var clazz = Components.classes[progid];
        var iid = Components.interfaces[iface];
        return clazz.createInstance(iid);
    }
</pre>

<p>The (optional) <i>function</i> parameter can be used if there is some sort of
initialization method in the requested interface that you would like to call
each time an instance is created.

</p><p>
For instance if the nsIFoo interface has a method called 'init' that takes a
string and an integer then one could do:
</p><pre>    // create the constructor and specify an initialization method
    var Foo = new Components.Constructor("mymod.mycomp.1", "nsIFoo", "init");

    // use the constructor to create xpcom component instances
    var foo1 = new Foo("some string", 1);
    var foo2 = new Foo("some other string", 2);
</pre>
</blockquote>


<h2>
<a name="_Exception"></a>
Components.Exception - <small>constructor for xpconnect exceptions</small>
</h2>

<p>
Components.Exception is a JavaScript constuctor to create
<a href="http://lxr.mozilla.org/seamonkey/source/js/src/xpconnect/idl/xpcexception.idl">nsIXPCException</a>
objects. These exception objects are the preferred types of exceptions when
implementing xpcom interfaces in JavaScript.
</p><p>
The call signature of the constuctor is:
</p><p>
<tt><i>Components.Exception(message, result, stack, data)</i> // all parameters are optional</tt>
</p><blockquote>
<i>message</i> - the message string (defaults to 'exception')<br/>
<i>result</i> - the result code (defaults to NS_ERROR_FAILURE)<br/>
<i>stack</i> - the stack chain (defaults to the current stack)<br/>
<i>data</i> - additional data object of your choice (defaults to null)<br/>
</blockquote>


<h2>
<a name="_ID"></a>
Components.ID - <small>constructor for xpcom nsIDs</small>
</h2>

<p>
Components.ID is a constuctor that creates native objects that conform to the
<a href="http://lxr.mozilla.org/seamonkey/source/js/src/xpconnect/idl/xpcjsid.idl">nsIJSID</a>
interface.
<a href="#_classes">Components.classes</a>,
<a href="#_classesByID">Components.classesByID</a>,
<a href="#_interfaces">Components.interfaces</a>
provide pretty much all the nsIDs that most JavaScript code would ever need to
deal with. The exception to this is the case where a component is written in
JavaScript and needs to register itself with the component manager using its
own nsID - an ID that is not already registered and thus does not appear in <a href="#_classes">Components.classes</a>.

</p><p> Components.ID takes one (required) parameter as input - a string in the
canonical nsID form. e.g...

</p><pre>   var myid = new Components.ID('{c9fc3520-4f93-11d3-9894-006008962422}');
</pre>


<hr/>
<b>document history&#8230;</b>

<ul>
<li><code>21 Sep 1999 - <a href="mailto:jband@netscape.com">John Bandhauer &lt;jband@netscape.com&gt;</a> - </code>initial creation of document</li>
<li><code>18 Nov 1999 - <a href="mailto:jband@netscape.com">John Bandhauer &lt;jband@netscape.com&gt;</a> - </code>document reflection of interface constants to Components.interfaces</li>
<li><code>25 Jan 2000 - <a href="mailto:jband@netscape.com">John Bandhauer &lt;jband@netscape.com&gt;</a> - </code>Added info on Components.Constructor</li>
<li><code>04 May 2001 - <a href="mailto:jband@netscape.com">John Bandhauer &lt;jband@netscape.com&gt;</a> - </code>Added info on Components.isSuccessCode</li>
<li><code>07 Jan 2004 - <a href="mailto:bsmedberg@covad.net">Benjamin Smedberg &lt;bsmedberg@covad.net&gt;</a> - </code>Added info on Components.interfacesByID, s/progID/contractID/, fixed .stack links, and minor cleanup.</li>
<li><code>21 Aug 2006 - <a href="mailto:ondrejd@gmail.com">Ondrej Donek &lt;ondrejd@gmail.com&gt;</a> - </code>revisition</li></ul>


<div class="contentsBox"><em>November 7, 2005</em></div>
<p>Copyright &copy; 2005-2006 &vendorName;</p>

</body>
</html>